


I have four composition in the 4 number below by 4 used as requirements called the number of use users, and 200 simultaneous connection [ 50 ]. In addition, test environment is also needed according to acting-before-the-audience operational environment and a. By DB server a schema division, I do as the premise which carves the object for full employment, and test environment. 

Acting-before-the-audience environmental Web/AP server   x1 
Acting before the audience, test combination DB server   x1 
Web/AP server for a test   x1 

Operational environment   Test environment 






WEB/AP server   	DB server   	WEB/AP server 







 
User terminal 
(Only PC)   
 
Administrator terminal 
(Only PC)   
 

*     I assume 4 environment for 4 evaluations at the time of the test environment a and the Update of system 4. 
* Do not redundant-configuration a Contain above. 
* Do not backup employment 4 estimated a Contain. 
* inquire in a your company about a redundant configuration and backup employment -- ? れ It is happy. 

*    I do as corresponding with one initial employment aWEB/AP server composition as a result of [ 4 deliberation 4 ] your company. 
 



Hereafter, it becomes a development assumption Function. 

3-1. Correspondence Functional Outline 

3-1-1. Routine Work (General User) Functional Flow 
Browser operation 

Login   Housing copy 


 

Housing Search 
 
Automatic controller   Apparatus selection 
 

 


Housing 'system   Register' edit 
 


Cost of construction   Input 
 

Filder and P's Cooperation CSV 
 



 

Estimated detailed creation   Estimate creation 
 
Estimate creation 
 


 

Excel operation 
 
Cost control table creation 
 


Monitoring instrument   Selection 


Control panel' remote board   Selection 
 

I have judged a present condition 4Excel input and equivalent 4 operativity that offer is possible also on the automatic controller and cost-of-construction 4 selection a and a browser screen. Moreover, the way which needed to develop also to the browser screen and collected the Function to edit a selection result, on the browser screen also in respect of cost has a merit. When monitoring instrument selection, the control panel' remote board selection a, and this Function are mounted in a browser screen, it is in operativity and a cost side that four demerits are large.   I judge and do as 4 correspondences towards extending a present condition 4Excel input. 

therefore, following 4 operation carving -- 4 -- you estimate. 

Automatic controller apparatus selection, cost-of-construction selection   '''    Browser screen input   Monitoring instrument selection, control panel' remote board selection   '''    Excel input 

In addition, I mount by following 4 specification which contains the feeling of operation near a and Excel about automatic controller apparatus selection and cost-of-construction selection. 

' Singleness, two or more line copy, cutoff, attachment, line cut   However, it becomes the operation as which you choose two or more line operation a and an object line in a check box. 
'    The item copy, the cutoff, the attachment, the Delete to the item input and cell to a cell 
' Each 列幅 4 Change (however, when a browser is rebooted, it returns to the initial width of a) 
'    The line insertion by a right-click menu, Delete 

'       the key item (article No. etc.) 4 Search to a line -- on the way -- an input sentence character is received -- auto-complete 
'       Accompanying information (Product Name etc.) 4 automatic entry to the key items (article No. etc.) over a line 

* Strike Excel operation 4 and it becomes the operation which is [ a reappearance ] impossible in an operation a browser below. 
' It moves 4 cell using a cursor key. 
'Ctrl A a Shift key is used again and it is two or more 4 line selection. 
' A Column Delete, Display Column 4 exchange 
' Filtering function 
'    Sorting (Excel4 -- it needs -- high efficiency a realization cannot do) 
' Shortcut key 4 use 
' Input screen 4 Print 
'    Cell 4 coloring, a character font, size 4 Change 
' -- line Unit 4 exchange operation (an exchange button is created and it is operated with a button) the thing a for which Excel4 操作そ 4 also expresses 4 on a browser -- also being related with four Function by 4 which becomes impossible except the above -- browser top   Not reproducible operation may occur. 
そ 4 case -- " -- correspondence a improper" I have you fully scrutinize about the above-mentioned Content by 4 which becomes the correspondence "a correspondence is impossible at four schedule and expense this time", and there needs to be unknown operation -- please announce beforehand [ ? ]. 

* being related with screen changes -- a -- it becomes provisional. Separately, I scrutinize in a requirement definition phase. 


1)  Login 

A user master is created within a new addition system. I manage information, including a, a user Full Name, authority, affiliation, etc., required for this system to a user master. 

Four procedure performs attestation processing below. 

1)  Perform a new addition system 4 user master and input ID4 matching. 
2)        When it succeeds in 4 matching by 1, connect with a LDAP server and perform input ID and Password 4 matching to a LDAP server. 
3)     When it succeeds in the above-mentioned attestation, acquire various user information and four operation is enabled henceforth. 

Using the user affiliation information acquired at the time of login attestation, amount-of-money Calculate 4 unit price is performed, and a 歩掛 change is made. 


2)  Menu 

The menu which performs 4 changes to various Functions is created. use restrictions are prepared by [, such as an administrator Function, / with specific 4 authority ] seeing user 4 and changing Function a menu 4 Display and un-displaying. [ which can be used ] 
 

3)      Housing controlling function (housing 'system Register' correction, a housing Search, housing copy) 

The housing controlling function used as estimated 4 parent information is created. I do as talking in a and a requirement definition phase about a control item. 

[The main Functions of a housing controlling function] 
? Housing 4 Register New 
Housing information is inputted newly. The "system" which is an estimated creation Unit is registered. 4 distance rank for adjustment expense and engineering expense calculation is also registered. 
The rate of 4 credit classified by distance rank is master-ized, and no less than four Changes are manually enabled after an Initial Setting. 
'Near' short distance area 
' Long distance area 
' 遠々 distance area 
? Estimated Add 
It changes to estimated creation operation. moreover, the structure which comes out of a 4 input Excel file at the time of estimated creation, and can be registered into a server (upload, download) is also created. 
?  Estimated number 4 automatic 採番 
 
I decide on a 採番 rule and automatic-採番-do an estimated number. 
? An Important Note, exception   The Important Note and exception which are written in an estimate are registered. 
 
User 
 
It is considered as 4 採番 in appearance and a 販 Co. Mr. Unit. 
 
It is considered as the operation which makes manual correction after choosing the data of which purport-of-a-letter a patternizing (master-izing) was done. 
? The Change for an estimate 
It is considered as four operations in the Change a for an estimate, and following 4 procedure. 
 
User 
 
By person-in-charge Mr. 4 operations, an open good Setting and a public presentation place are specified to a housing. 
 
The public presentation place 4 specified person in charge opens an applicable housing, and he performs estimated operation to a duplication affair after a housing copy. 
? System estimated copy 
It is considered as four operations in the system estimated copy a and following 4 procedure. 

 
Housing' system   Search 
 

Line selection   Apparatus name selection   Apparatus parts   Selection 
 
Another per parts   It copies to a housing. 
 


 
In a system Unit   It copies for a different-thing affair. 
 
In an apparatus name Unit   It copies for a different-thing affair. 
 

* Also unite and copy a 紐づく cost of construction on parts. (It becomes front [ copied material information 4 merge ] 4 amount-of-money 4 copy)   
* No less than four copies are enabled by a cost-of-construction independent. (It scrutinizes at the time of the requirement definition for hierarchy a applicable to an apparatus name and parts)   

? Content of housing 4 Update 
Change preservation of the created 4 housing information is carried out. 
? Housing Delete 
Created 4 housing information is deleted. it is considered as a Delete a logic Delete, and it sees specific 4 authority user 4, and reference is made possible. 
? Housing copy 
Created 4 housing information is copied as another 4 housings. The estimated information currently created by copy source 4 housing is also united and copied. 
? Housing Search 
4 for operation housing is searched. A list is displayed as a result of search condition 4 input, and it changes to various operations. 
 

4)  Automatic controller apparatus selection 

I use as a browser screen Excel and the equivalent 4 input Function which are used in the present input, and create them. 

(9) ⑨ ⑨ 

Cost sum total 	Label value sum total 	Attachment artificial meter 
1,898,400 	5,933,800 	16.72 
①② ③ ④ ⑤ ⑤ ⑥  ⑦  ⑧ ③ ⑧ ⑨ ⑨ ⑨ 	⑨
		Apparatus name 	Apparatus form 	Cost unit 	Standard price 	歩掛 	Quantity 	Unit 	Maker 	Purchase place 	Cost subtotal 	Label value subtotal 	Attachment artificiality 
□ 		Heat source butterfly valve   100A 	700G-41-100 	40,300 	286,100 	0.88 	4 	stand   ▼		  	161,200 	1,144,400 	3.52 
? 		Heat source butterfly valve   200A 	700G-41-200 	76,900 	559,600 	0.88 	4 	stand   ▼		  	307,600 	2,238,400 	3.52 
□ 		The temperature sensor for piping 	EK-A-010K 	14,400 	72,000 	0.88 	9 	stand   ▼		  	129,600 	648,000 	7.92 
□ 		Electromagnetic flowmeter   150A 	EGMA4100C-150A 	500,000 	713,000 	0.88 	1 	stand   ▼		  	500,000 	713,000 	0.88 
□ 		Electromagnetic flowmeter   200A 	EGMA4100C-200A 	800,000 	1,190,000 	0.88 	1 	stand   ▼		  	800,000 	1,190,000 	0.88 
□ 								  		  	0 	0 	0.00 

Four operations are actually enabled per four 4 screen operation a, apparatus name, and apparatus name subordinate 4 parts. 
(1) Register an apparatus name two or more affairs. 
②    Add parts to an apparatus name. (The screen 4 above-mentioned image)   
③      Correspond to four copies and attachment operation per four copies, attachment, and parts per apparatus name in a screen. 
* Operate the above-mentioned Function in 1 screen, or I use apparatus name and part 4 operation as another screen, or scrutinize at the time of the requirement definition for a. Below the above-mentioned screen 4 operation image a is four kinds. 
①   It is line 4 for 4 operations selection at the time of two or more line operation. 
(2) Choose four apparatus using a form Search screen. A Search screen is displayed as a child window. It is considered as about [ search condition a5 kind ] 4 item, and I assume truncation. 
③   Carry out the database Search of the form at a key, and it is an automatic complement. 
④   The auto-complete input by the Manual Input and a head character input. 
⑤   Refer to the price master classified by affiliation, and it is amount-of-money automatic calculation. A manual correction is possible after automatic calculation. 
⑥   Refer to the 歩掛 master classified by affiliation, and it is automatic entry. A manual correction is possible. 
(7) Manual Input. 
(8) Manual Input. Input method a alternative form. 
(9) Use and calculate 4 in screen various numerical values automatically. In addition to the above, line exchange 4 operation is also made good. 

The format 4Excel file used by screen 4 Content now is created. 

By the above-mentioned operation, after creating automatic control apparatus 4 details, a sum total price is reflected in a Register and estimated detailed screen. Again, when it changes on this screen, it displays in the state of the last preservation the first stage. 

* I am referring to four items of list item a present addition system. I actually four item-a-special-scrutinization-do. 

5)  Monitoring instrument selection   *    It is satisfactory even if you except from an estimate. It is considered as four inputs using Excel. 
4Bips-D[ in input form a present use ] x and an iTM42Excel file are used as [ そ 4 ]. 

In order to use as a new addition system 4 input interface, 4 correspondence is performed below to 2Excel files. 

? FourCSV file creation for new system taking in 
?     Price master 4 reference method is changed so that a database server may be referred to directly. 
(Since the price master is taken in in an Excel file)   

*     It will be the requisite that it is possible to add correction to a present condition 4Excel file. 
(Password protection of the VBA source file is carried out, and please confirm whether there is nothing)   
* Do not 4Excel file restoration a Carry out from the result edited on the browser screen. 
* I am considering it as the schedule of which input form a renewal is done. the new form a -- please provide. 
 

6)   Control panel' remote board selection   *    It is satisfactory even if you except from an estimate. 

It is considered as four inputs using Excel. FourExcel files are diverted during input form a present use. 

In order to use as a new addition system 4 input interface, an operativity improvement is aimed at and 4 correspondence is performed below. 

? They are series 4 Works about operation in which the book division is carried out and 4 copies & paste are needed between books now.   An operation interface is added so that it can be operated. 
((To perform automatic posting and Calculate result 4 output by four operations, such as a button) Each book 4 sheet is collected in one book, and it enables it)   
?     It changes so that the part a direct database server which is carrying out master reference may be referred to. 
?    Software expense 4 inputs are performed and it enables it to be reflected in estimated details. 
' The degree control of 還気温 
' 還気 moisture control 
'    Scrolling damper control by the air-supply side static pressure 
' Interlock control 
? FourCSV file creation for new system taking in 

*     It will be the requisite that it is possible to add correction to a present condition 4Excel file. 
(Password protection of the VBA source file is carried out, and please confirm whether there is nothing)   
* Do not 4Excel file restoration a Carry out from the result edited on the browser screen. 


7)  Cost-of-construction input 

A browser screen is created in 4 operation image (it is a front input on a browser) like automatic controller apparatus selection. 

 



①②③ ④ ⑤ 
 

(7) Cost-of-construction meter 
0 
(6) ⑦ 
 
actually -- four costs of construction 4 -- a kind part Column is created 
(8) 
 another system   from -- it outputted   file selection of the CSV is made -- it is reflected on a screen 
 



①   It is line 4 for 4 operations selection at the time of two or more line operation. 
(2) Choose 4 component using a 品番 Search screen. A Search screen is displayed as a child window. It is considered as about [ search condition a5 kind ] 4 item, and I assume truncation. 
③   The auto-complete input by the Manual Input and a head character input. 
④   Carry out the database Search of the 品番 at a key, and it is an automatic complement. 
⑤   Refer to the 歩掛 master classified by affiliation, and it is automatic entry. A manual correction is possible. 
(6) Manual Input. 
(7) Use and calculate 4 in screen various numerical values automatically. 
* a cost-of-construction 4 Display Column -- a -- create by four kinds of actually required costs of construction. 
(8) Read on a screen the component list (CSV) which the exception outputted from system ().  A matching table is used, four another system No. is changed into the four-article No. for new addition systems, step exaggeration is acquired, and it is on a screen.   It displays. 

The cost of construction computed from the apparatus inputted until now is displayed the first stage. The format 4Excel file used by screen 4 Content now is created. 

By the above-mentioned operation, after creating cost-of-construction 4 details, a sum total price is reflected in a Register and estimated detailed screen. Again, when it changes on this screen, it displays in the state of the last preservation the first stage. 

* the list item a -- it is provisional. I actually four item-a-special-scrutinization-do. 
* Create the Function which merges a and the same Item about a cost of construction, and is made into one line (a Quantity, amount-of-money a total). It has before [ a ] a total, calculating agency 4 apparatus, and 4 string attachment, and deletes together with apparatus 4 Delete. synchronous a [ 4 ] Don't carry out with apparatus by 4 from which companion こ 4 string [ after / a / a total and ] is deleted. Moreover, it is considered as the thing which return to front [ total ] 4 Status (from configuration to four Recalculates) and which is not a Performed. 
 

8)  Estimated detailed creation 

4 changes and the total amount are displayed on various inputs (automatic controller apparatus selection, monitoring instrument selection, control panel' remote board selection, cost-of-construction input). Suppose "Content Change [ of estimated particulars 4 ] (line exchange, a Delete) a a and don't carry out" on this screen. 

?    Various Input Values are used, and the 4 amount of money is also calculated and displayed below. 
' Adjustment expense 
' Engineering expense 
' Expenses 
' The expense a various legal welfare expense   above-mentioned various inputs (it and) [ automatic-controller-apparatus-] 
Distance rank exception 4 coefficient inputted by a and a housing controlling function about adjustment expense and engineering expense is used monitoring instrument selection, control panel' remote board selection, and a cost-of-construction input result, and they are 4 four operations.   It is premised on being calculable. 
Suppose that Calculate result a hand correction is made. 

? Control panel' remote board selection   Since more than one correspond to field 4 estimate, it enables it to perform a 4th page of control panel' remote board selection number input. 

The result of having performed the final adjustment on this screen is used, and an estimate is drawn up. Moreover, a cost control table also makes an output possible from this screen. 

9)  Estimate creation   An estimate is drawn up by details which carried out the final adjustment by estimated detailed creation. It is considered as estimate a1 format. 
*    Suppose estimate 4 details a and the inputted composition that Excel form is filled in as [ そ 4 ]. 

? From maker 4 column a and login user information, affiliation information is retrieved and is changed dynamically. 

?  control a [ 4 ] Suppose that you correspond in a and following 4 operation about a central monitoring instrument, and don't carry out by the system side. 
(1) User       It needs. 
' A central monitoring instrument is made into a system and added. 
as opposed to the system of which '     Add was done -- control panel' -- remote board selection 4Excel is used and composition is added. 
'     The unnecessary composition a besides そ 4 and details are not added. 
(2) User        The company except appearance (販 Co.) 
' Central monitoring instrument 4 composition is added to the system according to a housing. 
Composition a control panel' remote board selection 4Excel is used. 

? It is considered as output-file aExcel form. Suppose that it is kept on a creation estimate Excela server. I am considering it as assumption which downloads and uses the created estimate Excel file for operation PC. 


10)  Cost control table creation 

Cost control table creation is created in Excel form. 

? Are generable using the information a required for cost control table creation, the input mentioned above, a Calculate result, and the master-ized coefficient.   It is considered as a premise. 

? It is considered as output-file aExcel form. Suppose that it is kept on a creation cost control table Excela server. I am considering it as assumption which downloads and uses the created cost control table Excel file for operation PC. 


11)  The Export CSV for orders 

A CSV file is outputted to atlas cooperation. It is premised on being generable using the information a outputted to CSV, the input mentioned above, a Calculate result, and the master-ized coefficient. 
 
3-1-2. System Management Business (Administrator) Functional Flow 

* It becomes 4 only for administrator authority operation.  the unit price [ in connection with an estimate ], and coefficient (step credit) 4 maintenance a -- for affiliation companies, it sees 4 data 4 and an Update is made possible. 

 

Login 
 
User management   Function 
 

User Search 
 
User information Change   (authority, affiliation)   
 


User information Delete 



User registration 


User information   Export 


User information   Import 


Master maintenance 
Function   Various master corrections 


1)  User management Function 

Four user management Functions are created below. 

? User information individual edit 
' User Register New 
'    User Search (a search condition input, a search-results list Display) 
' User information Change 
' User information Delete (logic Delete) 

? User package edit function 
'    User information package download (Excel form) 
'    User information package upload (Excel form) 


2)  Master maintenance Function 

A master maintenance Function is created by four method below. 

? It carries out by an input aExcel file and is reflected in a database after uploading an input file via a screen. The Excel sheet according to a master layout is created for every master. FourExcel files are downloaded with the time a of master amendment, and this layout, and please perform four above-mentioned operation after an Excel file update. 

?   at the time of download, for login user 4 affiliation companies, it sees 4 data 4 and Excel-izes. 

*    It is a "3-1-3. server environment management Function" about an operation image.     Please unite and confirm by 4 indicated to 2 master management. 
 
3-1-3. server environment management Function 
Above-mentioned 4 passage creates a 4 environmental synchronous tool below by 4 which prepares a server for the object for full employment, and test environment. 

1)  Program module management 

? Acting-before-the-audience operational environment and test environment add and update a patch file manually. From our company, I am considering it as assumption which corresponds in your company by 4 which presents a manual below. 
(When [ a ] you can prepare the environment which can carry out remote connection from our company, it can respond in our company)   
(1) Patch file 4 list and an arrangement folder 
(2) They are the 4 reflection methods (the WEB/AP server 4 reboot method etc.) to a system. 
* Manual-ize a procedure about  ②. 


2)  Master management 

It is operated using a master 4 test environment and acting-before-the-audience environmental 4 reflection a master maintenance screen. 

[Master maintenance screen] 





seeing file selection operation 4   It updates by the file name and a sheet name.   Four kinds of masters are distinguished and it is reflected in an object server. 

* Test environment and acting-before-the-audience environment enable operation of the same Function. Reflection connects with 4TRL in required environment, and is considering it as assumption to operate. 

It becomes below 4Excel file for maintenance 4 download operation a4 image. 




It downloads.   Four kinds of masters are chosen. 





Download is performed. 


* Any 4 screen also becomes four examples in the other company. Development is needed for your company. 
* it uses by a master maintenance Function -- please みと Excel4 version a20104. 
 

3-1-4. Exclusive Control 

It is considered as exclusive control a optimistic exclusive control. It confirms whether other 4 users change at the time of an Update and a Delete, when changed, a and an error dialog are displayed, and I make it cancel an Update and a Delete. 

[The Content of processing] 

1)  Screen Display 

' A version is acquired.   When the "version" field is shown in the table used on each screen at the time of a screen Display, "version" 4 value is acquired.   It holds in the pictures. 
* Good simultaneous at each table 4 acquisition processing at acquisition. 

2)	INSERT processing 

'       The Register New of the version is carried out. 
When the "version" field is shown in the table which carries out a Register New, "1" is made into initial value and INSERT(ed). 

3)	UPDATE processing 

' A version is compared.   "Version" 4 value currently held in the pictures when the "version" field was shown in the table to update   Condition 4 data 4 "version" 4 value to update is compared. 
(1) When version 4 value is the same   TPDATE processing is performed. 
version 4 value a -- an increment is carried out.  (a which spreads "it is +14update to the acquired value" "it is 採番 at a sequence")   

(2) When version 4 values differ 

It is considered as an Update error and the message which cannot be updated is displayed on a screen. (Rollback)   

4)	DELETE processing 

' A version is compared.   "Version" 4 value currently held in the pictures when the "version" field was shown in the table to delete   Condition 4 data 4 "version" 4 value to delete is compared. 

(1) When version 4 value is the same   DELETE processing is performed. 
(2) When version 4 values differ 

It is considered as a Delete error and the message which cannot be deleted is displayed on a screen. (Rollback)   

* Part which compares four versions by TPDEATE processing and DELETE processing   It carries out before a, the table 4 Update of each, and a Delete fundamentally. However, control more than one exclusively 4 tables using the "cases a and synchronized" where more than one straddle 4 processing function. (Also perform a rollback and a commitment clearly)   
(It is cautious of a deadlock)   
 



4-1. Requirement Definition 
Suppose that 4 results are data-ized below. 

(1) Development functional list   4 for development Function is list-ized. 

(2) Screen design / functional outline   The required Content of processing is adjusted and data-ized on four items of screen, a design, fundamental operation, and a screen. 

(3) Various estimated rules   Various estimated rules are adjusted and data-ized. 

(4) An output list, CSV list   An output list kind and a CSV kind are list-ized. 

(5) List design / output outline   Four items of list and a design are adjusted and data-ized. 

(6) Screen changes   Each 4 between screens changes are adjusted and data-ized. 

(7) Server composition   The trial calculation of data volume etc. is made and final server composition is defined. 

(8) Requirements for performance   A screen and list output 4 Unit define the guarantee data number of cases and the guarantee response time. 

(9) Project plan   The measure against organization figure, development schedule, and risk factor' is defined. 
The stakeholder relevant to this project including all the companies is created. 


4-2. Basic Design' Detail Design 

I am making a and following 4 design-specifications creation into the in-company standard in our company. Please understand the situation by 4 design-specifications creation below. 

(1) A functional list, list'CSV list   A creation Function, a list, CSV, processing 4 list 

(2) Screen transition diagram   Data in which screen changes were shown 

(3) Screen design document   They are 4 processing specification and database access specification in the outline, the item specification, the operation specification, and the screen to a screen. 

(4) A list, CSV specification   The outline, the item specification, the item generation rule, database access specification over a list 

(5) Processing specification   Data which adjusted processing 4 specification when processing independent of a screen, a list, and CSV occurred 

(6) Database design document   ER figure and item definition document 

(7) System configuration definition document   The requirements for a server, the use software 4 list, the requirements for a client which carried out the last Decide 

(8) Other system cooperation specifications   Other systems and data which adjusted 4 cooperation specification. 
* It may write in a and a screen design document according to a description scale. 

(9) System outline   Data which adjusted the specification over the whole system which cannot be written in each design specifications besides system 4 purpose, a use user, and そ 4 

(10) Architecture, software structure   Partial 4 system explanation mounted with system 4 structure, the mounting method, and the special system 
partial 4 adjustment a it is concerned with the general system development -- * don't carry out. 
 
4-7. Review 

being related with various design specifications -- all a principles -- it reviews to 4 design specifications. minutes creation a a review result is received -- don't carry out. I deliver design specifications directly reflecting a review result. 

As a holding History, I deliver four list below. Object design specifications, an enforcing date, a participant, the Content Check person of correction, a date confirmed 

I carry out in a and following 4 Unit about a source code. 

(1) 1 time per person in charge   4 which checks 4 quality and validity per individual as a program to the last becomes the purpose. 

(2) main screen   our paper -- main in 4 functional flow written 4 Unit -- it sees processing partial 4 and reviews. It is aimed at plug ram 4 validity whether there is any problem in connection with performance also here. 

As a holding History, I deliver four list below. An object Function, an enforcing date, a participant 

* I have judged that it can check in a design-specifications 4 review about specification 4 validity. 


4-8. Check of Operativity Etc. 
Together with Operativity a and design-specifications 4 description, I am considering it as assumption which creates and checks モック. 
 



6-1. Whole Items 

Phase 1 
NO 	Work Item Name 				備    考 
1 	Requirement definition 				
2 	Basic design' detail design 				
3 	Environmental construction 				
4 	the system development (phase 1)   				

Phase 2 
NO 	Work Item Name 				備    考 
1 	the system development (phase 2)   				
2 	examination (test specification creation 含む)   				
3 	Manual 				
4 	Systems configuration manual 				
 
6-2. Development Items 

Phase 1 
NO 	Development item 			備    考 
Routine work (general user) 
1 	Common processing and framework maintenance 			
2 	Login 			
	2-1. Screen Development 			
	2-2. Database Matching 			
	2-3. LDAP Attestation 			
	2-4. Login Information Acquisition' Possession 			
3 	Menu 			
	3-1. Screen Development 			
	3-2. Authority, Display Control according to Section 			
4 	Housing controlling function 			
	4-1. Screen Development   Register New 			
	4-2. System Register   Register New 			
	4-3. Distance Rank Register' Edit    Register New 			
	4-4. Estimated Add   Register New 			
	4-5. Estimated Number Automatic 採番   Register New 			
	4-6. Important Note, Exception     Register New 			
	4-7. Change for Estimate 			
	4-8. System Estimated Copy 			
	4-9. Content of Housing 4 Update 			
	4-10. Housing Delete 			
	4-11. Housing Copy 			
	4-12. Housing Search 			49-present item 4 Search item 4 み is assumed. 
5 	Automatic controller apparatus selection 			
	5-1. Main Screen Development 			
	5-2. Grid Control 			
	5-3. Apparatus Name Setting 			
	5-4. Form Search Sub Screen 			
	5-5. Excel File Creation 			
6 	Monitoring instrument selection 			
	6-1. Bips-DX DB Connection Correspondence 			
	6-2. Bips-DX Export-CSV Correspondence 			
	6-3. ITM DB Connection Correspondence 			
	6-4. ITM Export-CSV Correspondence 			
7 	Control panel' remote board selection 			
	7-1. Book Macroscopic Integration 			
	7-2. DB Connection Change 			
	7-3. Export-CSV Correspondence 			
	7-4. Software Expense 4 Input 			
8 	Cost-of-construction input 			
	8-1. Main Screen Development 			
	8-2. Initial Display of Cost of Construction 			
	8-3. Grid Control 			
	8-4. 品番 Search Sub Screen 			
	8-5. Filder CSV Cooperation (Article No. Conversion 含む) 			
	8-6.P's CSV cooperation (article No. conversion 含む) 			
	8-7. Cost-of-Construction Total 			
	8-8. Excel File Creation 			
9 	Estimated detailed creation 			
	9-1. Main Screen Development 			
	9-2. Monitoring Instrument CSV Import 			
	9-3. Control Panel' Remote Board CSV Import 			
	9-4. Adjustment Expense Calculate' Edit 			
	9-5. Engineering Expense Calculate' Edit 			
	9-6. Expenses Calculate' Edit 			
	9-7. Legal Welfare Expense Calculate' Edit 			
	9-8. Number Input of Control Panel' Remote Board Selection Sides 			
10 	Estimate creation 			
	10-1. Formation of List Excel 			
	10-2. Output-Data Creation 			
	10-3. Content Change of Submitting Agency Information Classified by Person in Charge 			
 
7. Schedule 
There is fear of change by order time. 

 
No Work item   Main charge   Phase 1 
 
September   October 
 
November   December 
 
January   February   March 
 
April   May 
 
June   July   August 
 
1  Requirement Definition 
 
Two persons   EndUser + Developer 
 

2  Basic' Detail Design   Two Persons 
No.7 

3  Basic' Detail Design   One Person 
Except No.7 

4  Environmental Construction   One Person 
Tuning 

5  System Development   Three Persons 
Phase 1 

6  System Delivery of Goods   Phase 1-Minute Delivery of Goods ▼

Phase 2 
7  System Development   One Person 
Phase 2 


8  Examination   Three Persons 


9  Systems Configuration   One Person 

 

10  System Delivery of Goods 


11  Acceptance Test 


12  Beginning of Mission 
 
EndUser EndUser EndUser 
 

Phase 2-minute delivery of goods ▼	The last delivery of goods ▼
